# hello.world
test.new.user
Greetings, I'm Ray. I'm a newbie. I am here to get involved with Wnamp's legacy player. I've been using Winamp since it was introduced however several Wndows versions and updates caused various use issues and caused the program to be buggy. It seems to work well on Windows 10 and 11 so far but still exhibits a few behavior issues and I am going to learn what I need to in order to try to work on these issues. I'm a bit behind as far as development goes however I've been a tech "junkie" pretty much all my life. I'm turning 53 here in a few says but as with most things, it's not too late and it's better late than never. I also have several other development interests that I may work toward if things go well here, which I have high hopes that they will. I consider myself a good learner, listener, and able to take advise and ask questions about anything I don't understand. It can take a few tries and some time to grasp certain things but others I'll probably get right away. I will admit that I can be a bit stubborn if I believe I'm right but can still always be proven wrong and I'm thankful when I am so don't hesitate to give it to me straight but if I'm being stubborn I will require supporting content to the contrary before I'll chill out. I was raised and have lived without filters and I'm blatantly honest concerning myself and things I have enough experience with that I can consider myself adequately knowledgeable in. I've done a lot of different things both in my work experiences and my personal endeavors however none that I would consider extraordinary. More or less things that I've been interested in which were attainable and things I became involved in out of convenience or necessity. It's been a bumpy ride and I've been bounced around but again, outside of my mind, nothing that most would consider extrordinary. I've always been pretty much free range save for the years spent raising my 2 boys who are now grown men out on their own and doing well and I had a large influence in their ability to do so. I did not have that type of support growing up and I wanted to make sure they did, at least to the best of my abilities given my current state at the time so I put myself through trials of my own while trying to establish a solid and meaningful relationship with their mother but she and her sister and a friend made that a battle that was impossible for me to gain control of so I surrendered in 2011, filed for divorce, struggled for another few years in Maine's harsh environment and finally threw the towel in and moved to Colorado in 2014 before things got any further complicated. My life experiences prior to having the children, throughout that part, and from then until now have been a bit of a roller coaster ride both personally and work wise and I've been through a range of emotional, psychological, physical, and financial situations from what I would consider my rock bottom to my version of being on top of the world however in the scope of things considering what I have come to know about humanity and human behavior in general, it's all pretty insignificant. It's been from desolate to epic in my world but it's nothing in comparison to some people's struggles and successes. I've been all over my spectrum but only take up a small portion of a worldly spectrum. Anyway, here I am, sort of at either end of mine at the present time so please bear with me if I come off a little rough, I'm currently navigating some struggles however they are all financial issues which can cause emotional and psychological spikes but I'm aware of such things and well trained in managing my composure for the most part and I do my best to not let things effect my interactions as my struggles are mine and nobody else needs them because everyone has their own to some degree. And if I think it's not a good idea to participate in social activities, I don't. That's the safest and most appropriate way for me to get through things and I have become quite trained in it. So you should all be fairly safe. I suppose that's more than enough and more than you all probably wanted to digest upon reading this so I'll close this and I look forward to positive, creative, and productive interactions with you all here and hopefully I can learn some stuff. Ray, out!
